hey everybody this is Delta for prom
productions going to do a little quick
gear review of the Kelty go pillow pick
these up probably around six months ago
and use them a few times and like I said
it's going to be or just a real quick
review of it of course got one open and
one it's still in a stuff sack and the
stuff sack you can see about how big is
it big it is it's roughly probably about
seven eight inches long and probably
only about three to three and a half
inches when compressed nice little
toggle there slide so you can stuff it
in there when it's not compressed it's
about this big now there's twice size
it's a little thin but it's the same
material that stuff sacks made out of
which is like a untreated polyester rip
nylon is on one side and it's got like a
polyester taffeta almost like a cotton
blend is how it feels on the other it's
just basic polyester fill I've used it
on a couple backpacking trips and during
the summer I really didn't care for it
too much it's a little too soft for my
liking
so it's pretty much being as car kid
slash family a car camping kit for the
kid and the wife more or less cost wise
was around 9 bucks which is the only
reason why I picked them up because they
were cheap and I wanted to give it a try
you know so I get sometimes when I'm
backpack and get sick and tired of just
putting stuff and my stuff sack and
during the summer of course I don't
carry a lot of extra fluffy stuff and
figured something this small which not
the same size as a sleeping bag I use in
summer want to take up too much room in
my pack like I said it's very soft it's
you know compresses really light I mean
really really flattens out really good
especially when you got your head on and
stuff on this side it's a little too
warm for me because it's that nylon side
so usually I've been using this
it does work good like in the car and on
you know some trips like that especially
for like the kid and everything if
you're looking for a cheap little camp
pillow I mean like I said it does
compact pretty small
it isn't that heavy I mean this is sub
one pound if not lighter I then put it
on my digital scale but like I normally
do most of my stuff but it's probably
I'd easily say it's probably anywhere
between 12 and 13 ounces and for the
nine dollars you know it can't be beat
so far it's held up pretty good I've
been using it over the last month just
as a prop my head up
due to an injury I have and it does
pretty good kind of like makes the
pillow I'm using now a little bit softer
and everything like that but like I said
overall for nine dollars you know it's
not a bad piece of kit for your you know
car camp or your car kid or you know the
RV or you know just even when you're
traveling so if you're looking for
something like that go ahead and pick it
up you know 9 bucks
can't be beat so I'm Delta like I said
it's be a quick review of the Kelty go
pillow and hope you enjoyed it and hope
if you get one it works for you thanks
for viewing
you